so Craig you're at first who are you
going to save both couples have their
strengths and weaknesses but I believe
that this couple to have the most dance
talent and for me it's a no-brainer John
and Nicole are Lee which couple do you
think deserves to be here next Saturday
well he trapped he tackled some very
tricky rhythms set by his professional
partner and he tackled them well it's
John and Nicole
two-nil Bruno saves John Nicole that
means you are through so Bruno who are
you saving lighter this feat embracing
personality fan to watch John and Nicole
you're out to Strictly Come Dancing
please but then I know then I know it's
I know it's academic but Lynn can we
have your vote just to make sure
everybody Murphy I thought though it was
a very close run thing was a bit like my
bank account not much in it but I have
to go
with the other judges and John and Nick
I would have been John Nick sorry Willie
I never got to do any of me Willie jokes
you know is that bit already okay but
has it been worthwhile it's been
fabulous it's just really too tough a
week for me I was just too tired at the
end of it I've done you know in the
comments been just an absolute I mean
apart from my wife all of dealing this
she's been just an absolute angel the
rest of the people here celebrities and
the and the professional dancers have
all loved you and they'll catch phrases
go Willie
unfortunately that's what you've got to
do so everybody now come on go with the
girl